[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam
my name is p.m. dinner I love sharing a
little dose of b2b digital content
marketing and sales enablement in seven
minutes at a time
James posted a question user-generated
content which is I call UGC it's
becoming part of every brand
how should a marketer approach the
challenge of UGC in various languages
well to use UGC or not to use UGC it's a
corporate policy discussion the legal
team will request you to get permission
from the user to use it so you have to
track down who owns the content then the
marketing team I said the user-generated
content doesn't align with the corporate
brain guideline well you probably can't
use that however your social media team
will probably say oh my god this is
great and they want to move forward
right away to use the content there's a
lot to sort out between various internal
stakeholders before you can actually use
UGC and this is especially true in
enterprises many companies decided not
to use UGC because of the hassle they
have to go through that is another
reason why enterprises are not keen
about using UGC they are concerned to
dilute their brands and they can lose
control very quickly think about it if
you allow one country to use UGC then
pretty much every country can do it the
challenge is that every country
marketing manager may have different
perceptions or selection criteria on
what UGC they can select it can become a
mess very quickly of course I'm talking
about the worst case scenario but it is
indeed a slippery slope that's why many
global brands are hesitant to use or
skill user-generated content across
regions set aside a control frame
delusion or collaboration nightmare
using UGC makes a lot of sense if your
company doesn't have a big budget to
general regional content you can use you
see to complement your content so it's a
win-win to skill that it's important to
have a process in place for example a
template can be created for country
teams to fill out in order to get
approval by legal and a corporate team a
high-level guidance needs to be
documented as a part of the template so
that everyone is on the same page the
guidance can also include the good the
bad and the ugly of UGC examples the
provers needs to be identified and a
turnaround time needs to be established
everyone is communicated on the UGC
guidance and approval process so there's
no confusion over all user-generated
content is a great way to complement the
original content created by brands it
also adds additional validation to your
products and services but be cautious of
what you share and how to share it and
have a process in place to monitor it
again send me your marketing questions
via Twitter a p.m. dinner keep hustling
my friends you've got this
[Music]